--## Story of your Business 
Follow the sequence while telling a story or while explaining anything to other.
1. Why - did we build this product.
2. How - are we building this product.
3. What - quality work is being brought out of this product.


7 characters of a organizational culture
1. Innovation - Time and money spent on trying new things.
2. Attention to detail - How perfect are we about getting the desired end result.
3. Emphasis on outcome - Do we want to get the desired sales value by any means or dignity and procedure.
4. Emphasis on people - Have care for the people even when they don't meet the expectations set. 
5. Teamwork - Collaboraion on deciding on things together.
6. Aggresiveness - How employees are feeling on the competition with competitors.
7. Stability - Insist on following rules and procedures in a human way.

Context - in which you have opened your business 
Challenges - that you went through. Hustle to tackle problems, gains the trust.
Accomplishments - that were achieved
Mission - the end result

People behind business
- Showcase the Employees, Founders/Owners and Investers on your website.
- Acknowledge the value and contribution of everyone in your team.
- Name, Current role in business, top 5 skills , Unique contribution, core belief on the work motivation.
- Make people part of your business story.

Know the contributions done to society.
Try to contribute as much to society as possible.
Even creating employment is also a addition to society.

------------- Summary of the above -----------------
Why, How and What you do.
Your history
People behind your business.
And your contribution to society.
----------------------------------------------------

--## Story of your Product or Service 
Product Marketing
- Don't explain about the product, explain about what a product can do for the customer.
- Senior/Trainer to Junior training - Show, tell, do and check. Dessipates Skill, Knowledge and Character to Junior learners.
Have answers to the following questions about your product.
1. What was the primordial/oldest form of your product?
2. Who were the first people to use it?
3. How and why did it evolve through time?
4. Where is your product today? How does it look like and who is using it now?
5. What is your added value to this product?


Need that drives customers to your products:
1. Who were the main customers of your product throughout every stage of its evolution.
2. Why were they forced to appeal to this product in the first place.
3. What would they risk if they wouldn't have bought this product
4. How did they benefit the most from buying the product.
What you are selling your customer is his life with happiness.

Product Slogan:
Get 1 line slogan with fewer words.

------------- Summary of the above -----------------
Have a one minute video on the following story line
1. The problem that your customers have
2. How that problem makes them feel
3. What they are missing out on because of that problem
4. Why your product exists
5. What the product does for your customer
6. The main the customer gains by buying your product
7. Product Slogan 
----------------------------------------------------

--## Customer Experience
1. The Customers Problem
2. Educating the customer
3. The call to Action
4. The Purchase
5. Using the Product
6. Problems and Errors rectification
7. Engagement and connection
8. Brand Ambassador and recommendation

Emotions of customers
1.Joy - Enthusiasm, Positive vibes, Feel the need to share, you want more people to experience it. Keep your customer in this phase in all 8 stages.
2.Fear - Inaction, Flying away
3.Disgust - Feels bad
4.Anger - Not met with expectations set 
5.Sadness - Taken out and would deteriorate the future customers.

Fill the gaps by evaluating the customer experience 
- On the scale of 1 to 10 rate all the 8 stages/pointers under Customer Experience
- List out on what tasks can be done in each stage to increase the customer experience

--## Activating your Tribes 
Everybody, Move your feet and feel united.
People want to be part of the greater tribe and contribute. We have to make our customers feel this.
Know the power of Word-Of-Mouth and Networking.
Get to know new people and network with people with same principle and values, who can push each other up the ladder.

Tribe of the Business involve Employee, Customer, Supporter/Fans, Inverstors.
Tribes have the following:
- They have worries about theie security / process / company 
- They have opinion
- They have stories
- They have influence
- They want RECOGNITION. If employees get recognition, they will perform the best and they will have a different worry/opinion/story/influence in a good way.

TRIBE need the following:
- A CAUSE - All employees need to work for the same cause as a group.
- CONTEXT TO CONNECT - A physical and virtual context is needed to connect as a group.
- WAYS TO GET INVOLVED - What are the different ways in which the tribe can connect together.
- REWARDS - People need Emotional and social rewards.
- IDENTITY - A specific Dress Code, values, principles.
Activate Internal(Employee) and External(Customer, Supporter/Fans, Inverstors) Tribes with above 5 contexts.

Bring People Together.

--## Content Story Telling 










